listen bad education is a film that
premiered at if that I didn't get to
catch but Zack did and now that it's out
on HBO I got a chance to see you I loved
it so much that I had to get the
director to explain it to me we wanted
to take this really specific story and
use it to to say something about sort of
the systems that in Kurt that
incentivize us all to do bad things let
me explain so bad education tells a true
story of the 11 million dollars plus
dupe from the Roslin school district
considered to be the largest step from
an education system in American history
a lot of people have been calling it
Hugh Jackman's best performance and I
would agree yet when it's sold to HBO at
2019 stiff it was considered ineligible
for the Oscars but boy did that change
quick so if you haven't caught it yet go
do so this is a full spoiler warning
right here even though it is a true
story cuz it's one of the most one of
the best of the year in my opinion and
it's available from your couch so the
movies written by mike mckowski who
actually went to the high school when it
happened whether you like it or not I
was playing you I can only assume there
are a bunch of Easter eggs and throw
bags for the alum that they've been
catching and I'm sure the current class
is gonna mean that they just they want
me to write an article about this guy
walk the Skywalk sky walk this guy
walked it gets his two first Rachel's
bedroom in the movie was my childhood
bedroom
they changed the wallpaper that I didn't
slightly seem stuffed animals that Frank
disowned is the main guy we're following
he's a superintendent in Rosen High
School with the sole purpose of why he's
willing the book club mommies to get the
votes he needs for the Skywalk budget
yes flash card stats on his faculty he
really was a guy who went above and
beyond to give these kids a good
education also spend eight hundred
thousand dollars a year on his Manhattan
apartment using the school's card
Allison Janney plays Pam who was also in
and all this thing is she let everyone
in her family get a card while I'm over
here stingy with my HBO password just
put it on the car
Jimmy Tatro who plays your song can get
away with vandalism but putting $30,000
worth of supplies all in one day isn't
gonna go unnoticed
especially when you also have do you
think anybody could ever find out about
the PlayStation I might have also done a
little early Christmas shopping 1608
Lloyd and Taylor and another 12 amazing
yet before Penn can even stick it to
them
she's also too busy getting flashes what
did I tell you you don't find anything
they forced Jenny to pay back the
$250,000 they found missing which this
lady spends so much that when she heard
that number she thought it was pocket
change until she heard and you'll finish
out the workweek and resign quietly and
so Jenny hits that pitch that wonder the
Oscar hi MA hi MA Pam hands all the
proof to Rachael the school's journalist
researching contract bids for the school
because in her eyes she wasn't doing
anything wrong and it's ironic in the
movies timeline because if it wasn't for
them actually caring they would have
never been caught it's only a puff piece
if you let it be a puff piece that's
said they did all have jet skis in real
life and you know obviously they
couldn't film that for safety reasons in
the movie so instead they had this
deleted suit you know we have this motif
throughout that was always a part of my
except of dripping ceilings as sort of
the you know the slow drip drip of
information or the there's there's
something up there that's gonna come
down on all of our heads the sort of
sort of Damocles image we put you know
renowned movie star Hugh Jackman under a
giant deluge of water that came out of
the ceiling in like our big stunt and
the very last thing that we shot I had
been so attached to this idea this was
gonna be the big moment of the most
expensive and it just didn't have the
effect that we thought it was because
Frank accuses Phil the auditor of
falsifying records that now gives Phil
the fear to not speak up on his finding
something that Frank is frankly too good
at I know what you wanted to pan and I
couldn't just notice that necklace you
have on our here really complements your
eyes we think is is that a Macy's
purchase or are we talking Lord and
Taylor
election especially utilities you say
yeah either way those expenses aren't
going away and they've noticed $20,000
dropped for a first class flight to
London with a sidepiece $55,000 and
weight loss doctors pizza ovens even
though the schools leaking and that
eight hundred and three thousand dollars
a year for the Manhattan apartment that
they've had for a decade it's only a
puff piece if you let it be a puff piece
Pam's family picture ends up being the
only perfect thing about them so she
snitches Frank gets arrested in Vegas
Jenny and the special utilities gets
arrested and even show case Frank's
domestic partner of 33 years which I'll
leave this link right here so that the
real guy can talk about his open
relationship you'll probably even have
his own series on the matter soon but
it's interesting to hear his thoughts on
Hughes performance of himself and he
actually defended me and said I was a
very good superintendent but I think he
did a good job playing me especially at
the end when you know I'm in prison and
I walk out because I did lose all of
that because of greed and because I made
a terrible error and I broke the law oh
you still got it while the ending line
is a crazy one for the movie the real
life documents on the investigation are
insane claiming that the volume of stuff
missing is just too great for them to
ever know how much they truly spent
the most important character in my eyes
is Rachel a composite character made up
of the schools journalists as well as
others who broke the story that are
still unknown there was some stuff that
we shot and ended up pulling out of the
movie that did happen in real life
involving an anonymous letter I'll just
I'll just say that and encourage anyone
read about it so there will definitely
be more adaptations of this and
hopefully one day we find out who
spilled a tea
the screenwriter talked about how the
school budget what-what they had to play
with Becca no.4 was 82 million dollars
if it gives you a figure to think about
and I love how in their site it
conveniently stops the record of
construction projects prior 207 but
that's the point you know multi-million
dollar projects are the key because it's
so easy for a hundred grand to get lost
when you're dealing with 80 mil Chi like
I'll have PPP small big businesses have
been taken but of course they returned
all of it Frank is just a guy wondering
why his hard work can get the Karan's of
the neighborhood the life they want but
supervising their future hasn't earned
him some eye cream because education has
always been one of the great like means
of generational wealth just you know
keeping your line going sort of by
investing in your kids education there's
a scene in the movie where Frank
recognizes a bartender who was actually
one of his students from 15 years ago
which I found funny because I was also
like you having deja vu you guys don't
know that but this man here I used to
teach you a tapping in the school in
London yes but it really is crazy to see
the alum that came out of rosalind
michael crichton who wrote Westworld in
Jurassic Park he graduated from there
and he's on record saying that he got a
good education Howard Gordon who wrote
24 came from there the CEO of Activision
the founder of Home Depot CEO of the
Mets Jen Selter
there's a reason why they have teachers
talking about real estate because they
know that the houses are worth more when
the public schools around are really
good town is only as good as its school
system
so knowing rich people these parents
pretty much treat educators like
customer service employees you listen to
me you don't want to see us as people
because that is not convenient for you
so it really is a game of taken take
students are defending Frank cause he's
writing their letter recommendations so
they're willing to change and tweak the
headlines you know they're just
continuing to cover mold with paints
it's not perfect but it works what we
have here works I hope we can keep it
that way
I also found Phil the auditor paralleled
Rachael's father and his knowledge of
his peers insider trading which brings
up the question once you know are you
still an innocent bystander there's no
doubt that what they did was wrong but
you know it still got them to be top
five is it's not dismissing their
wrongdoings
it's just highlighting how others also
took advantage of it yeah look the other
way just stop it
on the contrary we come in here every
day at the crack of dawn because we care
these are supervisors who give their all
and receive like a fraction back and
it's crazy to think that it's really
taking a pandemic for some parents to
realize that they're also watching your
kids for you while investing in their
future and that's what bad education
does effectively as Corey Finley told us
if the blame can't squarely fall on one
individual then it clearly falls on the
system it'll be the first skywalk on all
of Long Island thank you guys for
checking out this video and I'm curious
to know your thoughts down below in the
comment section if you've got this one
over on HBO I think it's a masterpiece
every time i rewatch it i keep finding
new things so yeah we were really lucky
to get an interview and that's all
things to Zach he was messaging as much
as possible if you're not watching over
on the intercut podcasts it's where we
try to do interviews only for the movies
that we really like it's the only time
we reach out we usually always get told
no so whenever we get told yes and it's
for a movie we actually really really
like that's pretty dope so he was cool
enough to talk for 45 minutes over there
and there's a lot of other great stuff
from the writer as well who also claimed
he had a great education because it's
crazy to think that the guy he's writing
the story on he hired the teachers who
made him be the writer he is
here's the shape Who I am today though
this humanism right my high school
middle school teachers that's all I
heard of like right when I was a kid or
my first readers on the scripts because
they'd all been there at the time so I
was like there you know writing me notes
and the margins of my scripts like they
used to read my papers so yeah it's
crazy you know it's also crazy to think
that the good guys couldn't even
remember is a fake ex-wife but Kirsten
are your thoughts on this I also had a
great score composer of us and get out
so there's also that to it and I really
think that there's a lot of cool aspects
to it but I really hope considering that
I got the HBO release then we find a way
to get a bunch of the deleted scenes cuz
there's some there's some really cool
stuff that I that I hope gets released I
were in the outtakes
I'm curate thoughts on below in the
comments section any other things that
you noticed there if you went to the
school if you're one of the fashion kids
who gave money to pants the pants is not
a character but the real Pam I'm curious
to know what else happened during that
time definitely let me know of any other
stuff you want us to cover down below in
the comment section let me know your
theories your thoughts all of that and
until next time don't forget to comment
like and subscribe and you too can walk
the show